hey everybody welcome back to northern
lion places binding of issac after earth
plus I just like we got progress as
lilith the world is good i guess we'll
do some grete apollyon you might be
saying NL mix it up these green mode
runs the too easy for an eyes a player
of your stature and I say first off
you're too kind is very nice of you
people tell me that all the time and I
appreciate it but I always say stop
you're too kind people have never told
me that uh I got to think about this we
have to buy the item in order to suck it
up so we need some money to get keys and
then we're good okay okay um in fact
let's step on this right away so we can
buy a key and get into the item room and
then we'll see where the world goes from
there even though it costs us a little
bit that's okay I don't want to do greed
after greedier because I worried that I
won't know if I've done greedier sorry I
worry that I won't know if I've done
greed if I can't see it that easily you
know what I mean like greed manifests as
the the sent icon on the posted note and
then greedier puts a red outline around
it so I think that I would rather do
greed first on everybody just so I know
or at least on every individual
character just so I know that I've
already done it before so that's like
the most boring plausible tangent to
begin an episode of Isaac with but you
get the general gist of it I don't want
to just I don't want to make a mistake
with my planning that is gonna manifest
in me being like why don't I have the
psalm locked 20 years into the series
here I also do need to acquiesce that we
did an Eden run no wait I didn't Azazel
run on the show today on the N LSS and I
unlocked Abaddon because I'm a silly boy
who forgot that this is not a 100% save
file so I was getting different stuff
versus the average run but anyway so
Abaddonn is unlocked
Abaddon could show up if not on this run
then and on you know some run in the
near future that was a great little
deflection there credit where credit is
due you know I always say real
recognizer
and I am recognizing I am recognizance
at right now does that work is that the
expression make any sense not to you to
the dictionary of course we're at 16
cents so I'm gonna buy a bomb not every
M not everybody's favorite choice
dealing with a little lingering sickness
here it did work though so we got up to
we got a little bit of HP which is very
important we got 22 cents out of it as
well I love the idea of buying a cheap
hivemind unfortunately it doesn't help
us out that much right now but I think
we should still get it we also should
know where the secret room is because of
dogtooth I guess it's it must be
adjacent to the room at the bottom oh
dude half price pay to play is amazing
and then mr. musics not really pay to
play now means that we don't have to buy
keys anymore which is really really
useful for us also it gave us enough
money to buy maybe two items we might
want to consider there's like some game
theory like probabilistic stuff to run
would we like to buy mr. musics which I
forgot the actual like literal canonical
name oh so that's one thing in the Pro
column I can maybe remember its name
from this point onwards cut me some
slack it was added in a semi recent
booster pack we could have the item as
part of our arsenal
thanks to void even though I think using
it once every now and then is not worth
like anything at all really and we could
get another half-price item which might
be where in fact we can get to half
priced items cuz we're at 21 cents right
now I always say like you don't want to
buy like question marks cuz a question
mark is only or with chaos in particular
you don't want to like take a deal with
the devil item most of the time because
the deal with the devil items cost you
HP whereas you could always get them in
the shop anyway the difference here in
this situation is that everything is
half priced so I kind of think it's
worth buying a crappy item and it did
give a starter deck which is quite good
actually along with the goz and the
sprinkler so I think we will take void
it'd be nice to get the d20 but it's not
plausible and will suck up these two
items that are gonna do anything oh we
could have stolen something probably not
the d20 because we couldn't have sucked
it up anyway but um yeah so we can use
that to steal an item so actually every
time we use this is worth like 15 cents
I suppose we could use it endlessly to
steal battery charges over and over if
that would even work but just something
to note I'm gonna hold the goz we could
suck up starter deck or something we got
the creative juices of the green mode
flowing right now not that apollyon is
like the most difficult character to
rock with in greed mode to begin with
but got an easy setup here we actually
had a really really good first floor
like the halo is obviously a good pickup
and probably kept us alive and then
dogtooth on top of that I think it's a
little overrated at least for greed mode
because secret rooms are not that
plentiful they're hard to get to and you
don't always have bombs unless you buy
them I'll take out these color this is
why we bought hive mind so that that
could have a chance and then we'll try
just you've got a little bit of capital
here the one-cent is actually great to
start with because it means that we can
go to our our item room yeah there is a
secret room here so we can go to our
item room right off the bat on the next
floor for one cent instead of having to
spend five cents on a key or you know
wait until we get enough money to go in
in the first place so we'll use our
penny and we get butt bombs which are
probably but there's a secret room in
here as well probably worth taking so I
will take and then I'll try up here that
might have been slightly off it wasn't
okay lucky yes we got a half red
hartford effectively one bomb which is a
pretty bad deal and coming to our cursed
room here one copy item we didn't get it
but one copy i
would have been like an unbelievable
turn around so there is blank card I
can't help but notice we also got the
coupon the coupon can be used over and
over so I think we want to get the
batteries charged hear me out here
you're gonna grab the battery charge for
free you're gonna use this to steal
blank card and coupon got sucked up it
do not steal it we're still gonna get
the money and we're still gonna take
blank card cuz blank card the gauze is
like unstoppable it's extremely good as
a bad Dodger my apart also not very good
in the end I I do want to use sprinkler
but we can we can wait to use sprinkler
until like our fire rate and you know
tear bonus and etc etc tear the stats I
should say are good tear effects that's
the word I use I gotta admit if I'm
playing bad Isaac today like it this
room has been pretty terrible but also
on the LSS I was just I was playing like
straight garbage I don't understand how
the the stealing works with this item
but sometimes it seems to work and
sometimes it doesn't I don't know if
it's I don't like dice rolls in my eyes
at gun less there's a literal dice but
maybe there's coin flips maybe they want
to they want to massage it that way we
could use a little bit more on the
damaged side I'll admit decent rate of
fire HP is okay and luckily we keep
getting more after trading some away but
good sauce could certainly use a little
bit more damage a little bit more DPS in
general actually but dole make me buy
something no no this is okay because
we'll buy blank card
we'll use blank card with the guys and
then we will grab the void suck up blank
card which will also use the gauze once
so we're safe there
and it also used the coupon and it also
stole spelunker set for me so we got a
key out of that this got High Priestess
ends Poloncarz hat but when it steals
the item it's gone forever so we can't
actually replenish it so there is like a
mild negative associated I saw an enemy
I didn't like and I used High Priestess
very okay with that sure could be a
blank card High Priestess absolutely so
we actually have to be careful with the
the theft but the end of that
conversation by the way was gonna be
that I'm much more of a blank card the
gauze fan than a blank card
High Priestess fan but I got to admit as
I take 80 years to kill this champion
version of people doesn't seem so bad no
neuro watched it that second bomb could
have saved us a lot of time instead
champion peep and me 12 rounds all he
does is jump not sure if that's merciful
or punishment because he spends about a
third of his time not being able to be
hurt I really thought we were safe but I
shouldn't have just stood there you got
to break your own slump here NL you're
playing like garbage for no reason
it's not even laziness which as we've
said many times is like Oh reason you
get a benefit out of laziness you get no
benefit out of just taking damage like
an idiot do not like paying attention
properly that's one of my pet peeves is
when people are like you know they've
got to calculate a tip or something and
they're like what's 15% of 22 when they
go I'm not even gonna try you know you
haven't doing anything else you're
sitting here at the restaurant might as
well work on the old noggin and try to
you know work it out like I mean we will
work it out right now with the
transitive property 10% of 22 is 2.25
percent is half of that it's 1.1 a 15%
tip would be three dollars and 30 cents
there you go see you know you might be
saying why is he so slow with that well
that's because I'm doing commentary on
the side you might be saying why is he
so fast at that that's just cuz I as you
know it
an only child i amused myself you know
you don't have a brother or sister to
pinch you and and pull your hair well at
last so instead i had to do arithmetic
in my head when you say it like that it
makes it sound like I live with tortured
life but that's not really the case and
I'd rather have acumen and arithmetic
than a family member with whom to share
experiences with for the rest of my life
for anything okay but not that's not
being ridiculous first off I have you
know seven hundred and something
thousand of you and then also I'm
married and I have two cats so I got
more than enough social interaction on
that level for sure
okay that's BS that's actually unfair
what you've done to me there and so was
that so I have to use the gauze I don't
see a way out
apart from that Krampus is annoying in
that there are almost sometimes if your
damage isn't high enough when you
seriously just cannot avoid taking
damage from him because he doesn't
Telegraph the direction he shoots so
that's a big loss for us we take a lump
of coal we're just out down in the next
floor with a modest damage boost from
lump of coal and we'll probably peep the
shop first because we could spend
fifteen cents right off the bat here do
we want to I mean there is HP Meccano
haggle eyes neither are amazingly useful
for us we could suck that up and make it
a stat upgrade which is almost tempting
but why would you suck it up but you can
get an item for free from the shop you
know belly button has given us blind
rage which is not bad I'm gonna check
this we got HP now so we can afford to
there is a secret room adjacent here but
we can't do anything about that
okay steal me the Cuba meet please
thank you it also gave me a key for free
which is not worth very much I'll tell
you what I'll buy the HP we're gonna
need it at some point we haven't quite
reached like breaking levels here you
know what I'm thinking though I was
looking at those rooms and I was like if
we can just get blank card ierra we're
like we got unlimited money and that's
important because we're trying to you
know give this donation machine in a
good state as well so it turns out that
we probably will not need blank card
hoggle oz here
that did the damage dude but I actually
there's at least there's a productive
reason for some of this damage now and
it rhymes with shmoop Amin Cuba meeting
jr. now David joke doesn't make any
sense that was very risky but I believed
and I've been acquiesced as a result I
don't think we care about using the
sprinkler like right off the bat there's
math to be done like basic arithmetic if
we use a charge right off the bat do we
get a second charge like use the charge
in this room fight every single way from
wave zero onwards do we get a second
charge by the end of the deals with the
devil that we could use in the shop the
answer has gotta be yes there I can't
believe that it wouldn't be I mean you
could steal me the speed upgrade I think
maybe he just dies before he gets to the
item because I'm not placing it properly
I will take a liberty cap as well I
figured like why not have him steal
items and then we can spend money on
anything else or we can actually just
save it for donation machines in the
future the problem is that they don't
replenish but we don't have enough money
to care about them replenishing anyway
so feel like that's a relatively minor
loss and the whole scheme of things
that's very good so I think the way I'm
looking at this run right now is I could
really use an item that gives us HP
randomly like a gimpy payout or
something like that or even just the red
hearts from gimpy we could use another
de gAHS room and I squandered the last
one but I also kind of feel like that
one was a little out of my control
although I probably could have avoided
taking the damage before Krampus that
caused me to be in a bad spot on Krampus
you know an ounce of prevention is where
the pound of cure is what they say
and I say could you please make that
into the metric system because your
metaphor does not make sense to 98
percent of the world as a result of your
unincluded
naming system here so we have but bombs
that are also poison or toxic bombs each
one of these bombs is actually very very
potent if only through aggregates so I'm
gonna give as many of these as it's
necessary to get through this here I
think that worked out very well I deal
with the devil is pretty much garbage so
we're just gonna abandon it yeah yeah
that's what it comes down to I don't
need to speed upgrade from 1.4 I
apologize we're a little like commentary
focused here but this is actually not
like a 12 out of 10 run so I gotta I
gotta think things through here as we
get a little bit closer to the end here
so we don't know what this is sister
Maggie there's a two secret rooms here
oh no no there must be like a crawl
space or something because the dog went
off off we want to protect that at all
costs so it's not there I will probably
buy bombs to find the crawlspace if
necessary speedball it's okay but it's
not very good and we don't know what any
of these items are so you know part of
my brain is going save money part of my
brain is going just steal it when you
get a charge and I think that that part
of the brain is gonna win out I feel
like we have to peep this I don't think
a hug allows is that good so it becomes
what's more valuable death or pacano
even with hive mind we're gonna use two
of clubs every time so I think we got it
we got to go I think I think it doesn't
matter I think maybe the death card is
better than Burke ah no because we can
use it to clear out a lot of enemies
whereas Baccano is only ever gonna give
us these flies it's not a great synergy
like once every six rooms to pop off
there so we're definitely going to roll
two of clubs because once we get over
like a certain number of bombs we're
actually completely set and I'm gonna
test my my arithmetic here I think we
have enough rooms to get another charge
before the shop can get one item for
free and if we can get 99 bombs out of
this all of a sudden I think we got a
much better chance offensively than we
had previously plus it's a good chance
to use sprinkler an item that I actually
like in terms of like theming like a lot
not always a perfect choice and I think
that's that's part of what makes it real
cool we may die here endeavor not to its
creep dude enemies with creep are the
the worst okay we're safe sadly I think
I got to leave this sprinkler go buy
some HP even though believe you me I
would rather not to Malthus games has
signed on to play divinity original sin
Matt all you shouldn't I use the Bobby
moron man that's you cheating on me
we're in divinity original sin together
you're gonna go play you know five hours
of it tonight spoil all the surprises
that me and you can get into in our
games just a terrible place to stand
brains broken are there battery charge
all we needed I guess is one battery
charge on the shop as well and then
we're in a great spot we also have
coupon so we could actually get two free
items battery charge no battery charge
well if there's no battery charge let's
re-roll this no battery charge battery
charge okay why is this important so we
double our bombs we get a free item we
need to go deeper it's pretty pretty
much trash what is this mr. Dahle where
did that come from I don't know but I'm
not gonna ask questions grab this I
wonder if our reroll machine would
refresh all these items two of clubs has
been used again we got something for
free it's a red heart not bad and we got
another thing for free
our lair came from
it does refresh it okay so then we don't
have a battery charge so we may want to
buy something but we might want to wait
until we just get another battery charge
I think car batteries a little bit of a
dangerous one not that any of this
really helped
so we'll buy this and it's two of spades
we don't really need more keys I just
wanted to check we don't need to hold
the battery charge we didn't get quite
as much out of this as I wanted to
actually but we're in a better spot as a
result we kind of I think found the seam
that that can break this wide open just
don't use bombs yet every bomb you don't
use now it's like cutting off a family
tree it like your great-great
great-grandfather that dude could have
like 128 ancestors by now if it weren't
for the damn you know lumber mill not
caring about workers rights so what we
got to do here is just anybody later you
say that's too soon it's a fictionalized
account of whatever I happen to learn
doesn't go for mom excuse me sir I was
about to murder this guy I'm very
offended by the damage that I took there
because I don't think I should I don't
think I should have I should say but
it's playing cool here we're almost
almost almost at the the seem that you
know makes the world our oyster here
make sure the two of clubs is your
active item there did we forget to do
that like 10 times no I think we only
that we only doubled twice in there so
that's correct
by the way lord knows I would love to
use bombs right now instead I'm gonna
force myself not to and instead I'm
gonna use Cuba meat not really that much
better but our stats are leaving a
little bit to be desired
four point two nine damage is not really
anything to write home about this late
in the game which is why ninety nine
bombs are so important especially if we
don't have to spend any money to get in
fact especially if we never have to
spend money cuz we're getting these
handouts from from coupon and from
stealing an item from the shop every
time which we should be paying more
attention to but my brain is apparently
I isn't broken right now need to warm up
again okay so we got it one more little
setup here and it's two of these boys
this would be a really really good time
to use bombs they're not even spitting
out the enemies they normally spit out
that make them easier to kill so am I
like am I missing something here
Mayans SuperDuper hard mode why are you
so tanky rarely will I say this I think
this was not the right time for us to
care about a deal with the devil in
green mode so first I've used the death
card that did almost nothing
but it did almost nothing to two of them
so almost nothing times two so what am i
complaining about this is this is broken
this is not right okay
eat my bombs no stop stop eating the
bombs actually oh my god well you know
what
we lived and I should really be
unbelievably thankful for that and I
assure you that I am there's no deal
with the devil to be had anymore just
get the heck out of town that we were
not equipped to handle that not without
using cuba mean to like ridiculous
degrees anyway alright we got again we
gotta get like fed here we found our
secret room i don't want to use bombs to
do it we got cat-o'-nine-tails
and get a rate of fire increased not
quite good enough i think you buy
battery baby even though it's a little
pricey and the idea is battery baby will
allow us to double our bombs alive then
we use bob's rod net which i do not care
if we get that as part of oh that's
extremely good being able to have
piercing shots here is like 10 out of 10
blank card judgment case to be made
admittedly now this is over aggressive
you should not do this you got to sneak
in a few extra plays because of blind
rage but it's still not worth it never
do this if you're watching along at home
it worked but never do it
it's not always piercing shots with the
razors maybe it's only occasionally
either way
it's a situation that has improved our
situation fairly drastically here so we
want to blank card 2 of clubs always
we're not stealing anything we could
hurt enemies of mr. musics but it's not
that important just waiting for battery
baby to pay out and it did now if it can
start taking us to thank you
it can start taking us to 99 bombs I'm
very happy the sprinkler gets put down
on top of the shovel which is so
valuable because we don't want to
accidentally walk through that shovel
portal I've almost called it a shovel
hole and it just felt wrong so I think
is this various students very nice of us
to not have to accidentally have the
chance to fall in there so oh oh and
it's still closed you know we're in a
good spot ok so we're just gonna
continue to get charges here I think
when you start just like mainlining the
waves and greet mode you're set or at
least you're well on your way to being
set you know the world's your burrito
here so we are now like blow those up
please get anything got a card it's
another two of clubs which I'm just
gonna use to expedite our process here
even though it would be much more
valuable to use it a little later it
would also require some mental energy
things are going very well we're have
216 bombs
it's the doubling is happening so slowly
probably because I continue to use bombs
but the fight against the the double
carry and Queen I will never apologize
for trying to use bombs there we were
gonna be on that fight for 20 million
years we just Oh Guppies collar like a
great deal of thanks for resurrecting us
and saving me from a little bit of an
aptitude
just kind of trash deals with the devil
except for guppy admittedly you know the
d20 is very good but I kind of feel like
we should just bounce like get out of
here
we got one more floor we can get good
stuff in the shop believe you me I'm not
really trying to save money so that we
can make you know super greed or when we
beat super greed we can donate so much
more to the the shop that's not a
donation machine it's not really my my
goal here let's just start by getting as
many doubling as we can my goal is is to
win this run and if we could donate more
then you know the more the merrier is
what they say but I'm not yet convinced
that word at the power level required to
beat him I think we got a good chance
and I think it's gotten better
but I'm not like ten out of ten
convinced by the way a battery baby as
far as I'm concerned paid for itself
already just via the number of bombs
it's giving me we could probably afford
to give up after the next double because
we can just use two of clubs to get
$2.99 and I mean we could persistently
stay above that number but we're so
close to the end of the game it probably
is functionally the same you know we
don't need to worry about being above
that many bombs but anyway for now we
can start dumping them for free which is
why I'm gonna just continue to tackle
this here might as well throw bombs in
did those spelunkers headlight looks
jacked up on our head for whatever
reason that was very dumb of me
oh there they are even if the bombs
don't hit they can't not hit more or
less because of the cluster bomb but
bombs synergy I yeah I was I should not
be in this corner lucky yes and you know
we got sprinklers we might as well fight
the final wave here this is the annoying
one
every time battery baby just got us a
charge it seems fair we might just want
to buy out the stock of spirit arts like
it's not the most exciting way to finish
the game but I think it is a guaranteed
win where we got high priestess to a
hearts okay we can use 2 of hearts I
think we should take High Priestess with
us ok double 2 of clubs if we use more
than 99 bombs against green something's
wrong we got two high priestess for the
greed fight and then whatever we can do
in here which has to start with rerolls
and we got to be careful cuz it's
cluster bombs and then we get a battery
charge here
so I think you get a battery charge
we've got stompy for free
please steel PhD for me thank you
you worked I was very good ok now that
we got that we got starter decks it's ok
that's actually excellent I think we
should grab the HP use 2 of diamonds
let's just grab that for simplicity sake
let's grab that for simplicity sake
then we're gonna buy the battery charge
we're gonna steal the HP and turn stompy
into a stat increase
you stole on the HP and you know what we
can turn the HP into a stat increase as
well and if we feel like we don't need
any more HP which i think is relatively
fair but first why don't we reroll
everything on this show I'll even do
with money what do I care I don't think
we really care about this one so let's
just move I don't think we really care
about this one this amount of money
shouldn't make much of a macro
difference all right so that's the end
of that do me a favor and steal let me
steal squeezy
we aren't under the tear cap we got to
spear at hearts we don't want clicker
wheel of fortune we're just gonna blow
up and I'll buy the card the card is two
of hearts I think we should be fine with
High Priestess eye priestess and then
we'll just bounce yeah yeah let's let's
get out of here so it's been like a long
greed mode run it's because I never
really felt particularly safe here I
would love to get another charge if we
can get another charge I'd be a happy
camper
that way we could actually use sprinkler
but I don't think it's an enormous
concern got a little bit of money back
here you might as well just dump High
Priestess like get rid of that one get
rid of that one it's not quite as good
as I thought it would be I'll just tell
you that right off the bed neither is
our damage by the way and there's our
battery charge okay like just dump some
bombs in here first before you use this
just so you can get like maximum value
probably overly concerned with it but
that's okay
maybe we shouldn't use the other high
priestess because we could have gotten
like infinity versions of them but
that's a look mr. meeseeks brought me a
penny thank you I'm not like
accidentally in greedy or am I just feel
like our stats are okay but the the
damage I'm doing is not as much as I
would normally expect I'm very happy to
have these 99 cluster bombs almost dodge
right into it bad habit either way it
looks like we're gonna come through in
the clutch here but this was uh this is
a tactical game more tactical than I
usually have to be anyway maybe again
it's cuz you probably have to be a
little smarter the worse you play and I
didn't play that well it's a testament
to the quality of the seed that we're
still in here now back to the 99 bombs
put down another sprinkler somehow did
not get hurt by that explosion bombs
irritate me about 0% if you could just
make those instead of anything else I'd
be acquiesced
I think if we just drop enough bombs we
can keep him from making the keys here
it's like snacking all day instead of
eating a big meal turns out that you
know not recommended by many doctors but
at the same time if against the job done
in a pinch you know when I moved to
South Korea didn't really speak the
language I'll admit I might have had a
can of beer some Bologna and Pringles
for dinner more than once in that first
week or so it speaks more probably to my
school's failure to integrate me right
after I landed in the middle of a long
weekend but you know everybody they got
their own things to take care of I know
I don't disagree with that
you know what if I'm being honest I kind
of liked it it was nice to have an
excuse to have a Pringles lunch maybe
not four days in a row but hey you know
please just be gone what a medieval word
that's a tangent for a future episode
Navy okay
Brown nugget is not good but we did
succeed here and our donation counter is
reset so we are like good to go here 400
since we gotta get it to explode so
we're approaching that a halfway point
and it looks pretty likely we will cross
it
well no no half of 999 is not 450 that's
500 basically Oh
sexually for other 99.5 well you need to
put 1000 cents into it now that I think
about it so you know what I was right in
the first place either way this was like
the most tactical we've no holds razor
blade is extremely important this was a
an actually like tactical greed mode run
I had a good time trying to figure out
the puzzle here and figure out how to
make it happen instead of just like oh
we got chaos were copy we steamrolled
not that I would kick that kind of
rudder out of bed for eating crackers
you know what I mean but all right we're
free to go I don't think we can blow up
anything else so I will escape and
thanks for watching hope you guys have
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future for now thanks for watching and I
will see you next time